you know the saying hindsight is 2020
where you can understand something after
it's already happened well after
managing and overseeing more than seven
figures a month in digital ad spend for
b2b sas companies there are some simple
but profound truths that you learn i'm
sylvia perez and in today's video i'm
going to talk about the four things that
i learned managing more than seven
figures a month in digital ad spend for
b2b sas companies and if you like
content around b2b advertising be sure
to subscribe and click on that bell icon
to be notified of future videos the
first thing i learned is that everyone
is just figuring it out i don't care if
your sales force or hubspot or any other
legacy software company that has made it
to unicorn status from the largest
companies to the smallest everyone is
just figuring it out i've had the good
fortune to be able to see inside of the
ad accounts of some of the top b2b sas
companies that a lot of up and coming
startups admire i've also got the good
fortune to look at some of these
emerging startups that are not as
developed and be able to see what
they're doing in their ad accounts and
be able to consult and advise some of
these top b2b sas companies whether it's
the director of demand gens or the
performance marketing managers and be
able to advise them on how they can
develop their paid advertising efforts
and i can tell you it doesn't matter if
you're an established organization or
you're a new startup everyone is just
figuring it out and the most successful
companies that i speak with and advise
are the ones that are focusing on
beating their benchmarks they're focused
on themselves they don't over stress
what is this person doing or that person
doing they're just focused on better
understanding their customers and being
able to create cool ideas and campaigns
to be able to communicate their value
and connect with their market so don't
get caught up in the comparison trap of
thinking you know you don't have any of
the answers and this company has it all
figured out everyone is in the process
of figuring it out and as things change
at the pace as they do in the online
advertising world you have to constantly
be re-figuring things out finding new
channels best strategies and always
trying to beat your best so just focus
on you beating you and better servicing
your customers through your messaging
through your campaigns and of course
developing your product and that is the
recipe for success so don't get caught
up in comparison know that everyone does
not have all the answers and every
single company is figuring it out the
second thing i realized is there's not
enough attention on creative
so many b2b marketers get lost in the
targeting and they forget the psychology
you could be having your ad getting in
front of your exact icp it could be this
specific title within this specific
industry and if you're using a channel
like linkedin ads it's not very hard to
do but where we fall flat is we're
getting in front of the right people but
we're not communicating our message in a
way that resonates with them we're not
keeping into consideration the
psychology piece and understanding
where is
our prospect along their buyers journey
and how can i create creative and
messaging that actually speaks and
resonates with them so that way they
engage click through convert
view whatever conversion or action
you're trying to optimize for so the
attention to creative is everything i
have audited so many accounts where i'm
looking through the client's ad account
and i realize hey lead quality is good
audience quality is good we're getting
the right people interacting
but the cost per lead is too high or the
cost for mql the cost per triggered
opportunity whatever metric you're
optimizing for and they switch to
another type of audience and they're
constantly chasing shiny objects on
trying to find another audience another
audience another audience that they
never put any mind to the creative what
your prospect actually sees in their
feed so think of yourself how many times
have you seen an ad on linkedin that you
didn't click or that was just blind to
you and it didn't even make an effect
your prospect is no different the only
difference is it's your ads that they're
not paying attention to
so really thinking through your creative
is everything and if you want a whole
video on how to create killer creative
go ahead and drop a comment down below
and i'll be more than happy to do a
follow-up video now when you're creating
your creative to really make a
difference and stand out a key question
that you should ask yourself to frame
when you go about the creation process
is how do we create ads that our
prospects will love engage and willingly
share
with their own networks and create
virality so how can we create ad
creative that actually adds value to our
prospects where they reciprocate in the
form of likes comments shares and of
course taking the action that we're
trying to optimize for whether that's
watching a video reading a blog article
completing a form or whatever the case
might be so framing yourself with that
question when you go to create ad
creative will already put you in a much
better place as you're not just doing
what everyone else is doing you're
thinking to yourself how can i create ad
creative that my prospects will
willingly share like engage and comment
with and it will create virality with my
ads where my ad itself can spark
conversations and people of course will
more likely be inclined to convert or
take that action that you want so
focusing on your creative is everything
if you're getting in front of the right
audience you've already won that battle
you know you're getting in front of the
right person now you have to optimize
the creative piece to find the economics
that work for you so that you can scale
i'm telling you how many times i have a
client where they're targeting an
audience quality is on point
they're running just image ads or a
specific type of ad whatever channel
you're advertising on and they try let's
say for linkedin a carousel or a video
creative and their cost per lead gets
cut in half or by like 40
just by changing the creative itself in
the ad so do not sleep on your creative
it can literally become a competitive
advantage that differentiates you from
your competitors and allows you to stand
out in front of your market the third
thing i learned is that b2b marketers
are making decisions off of poor quality
data it is so unfortunate when i look at
an ad account and i see that they're
just tracking conversions that make no
sense for their business they're
tracking things that have no impact on
the bottom line ideally you want to
track conversions that represent
conversion actions that are actually
going to drive real growth for the
business if you're making decisions on
poor quality data you're going to end up
turning off campaigns that were actually
driving really good returns for you or
you're going to end up scaling campaigns
that looked good on the surface maybe
had they had a really low cost per lead
but when you look on the back end that
campaign didn't drive any actual
opportunities or maybe if it drove
opportunities all those opportunities
never converted into revenue because
they were poor fits whatever the case
might be you cannot make decisions in
your ad account solely on what the
channels tell you they will especially
if you're tracking conversions on the
client side with a pixel pixels are
awful with ios 14 pixels are going to
accept even less conversions if you're
running ads on facebook
god forbid google decides to opt into
ios 14 as well pixel conversion tracking
will be even worse they over count
there's ad blockers there's a lot of bad
things associated with pixel tracking so
i really recommend that if you're not
already track your conversions based on
server side tracking which is uploading
offline conversions based on the
activity within your crm
if you want a whole video on this let me
know in the comments down below but this
is really the best way to go you want to
feed high quality conversion data into
the ad channels based on the outcomes
that actually matter for your
organization because if not of course
you're going to make mistakes because
you're making decisions off the wrong
information so really making sure that
you're making decisions on quality data
and at the very minimum just starting
today if you don't have any of this
stuff set up you don't have offline
conversions set up you're not feeding
that back into the ad channels
just don't take what you see in the ad
channel as the truth
look at what the ad channel shows you
but then also cross-reference that
activity into your marketing automation
tool or into your crm to make sure that
you're actually scaling things that
should be and turning things off that
should be so you're making good
decisions hope you're finding this video
valuable if you'd like more content
around b2b advertising be sure to give
this video a thumbs up and subscribe for
future uploads the fourth and final
thing that i learned is that you cannot
scale complicated simplicity over
complexity you want to keep things
simple and repeatable so many b2b
marketers are doing so many different
things at once they're throwing so many
different things against the wall
they're really like they have shiny
object syndrome they're chasing this
tactic or that tactic this ad channel
versus that ad channel where they don't
ever take a second to just stop and
really think through the structure of
their experimentation so a very simple
example in linkedin ads is like setting
up campaign groups for you to understand
and gather insights so really you can
understand and answer basic fundamental
questions like hey
what audiences are working for us if
it's social or if it's paid review what
listings are working for us or how are
we going to track our different ads with
the utm parameters what's our utm
convention what's our naming convention
for our campaigns and our ads so that we
can easily draw insights at the end of
the month so we understand what's
working so we can do more of that and
obviously and more importantly is what's
not working so you do less of that so
you can't skill complicated keep things
simple and repeatable and don't get
ahead of yourself and really focus on
building a good system
so that way at the end of every month
you can look back and you can say hey
last month this was our benchmark moving
into this next month let's beat that and
every single month every single quarter
you're trying to be better than where
you were last but the only way you're
going to be able to draw those insights
and understand what's working what's not
is if you keep things simple and
repeatable so you can't scale
complicated never forget that hope this
video was valuable be sure to check out
these two videos here give this video a
thumbs up and subscribe for future
uploads until the next video take care